#wdjws-maven-plugin
This library provides a Java based Apache Maven Plugin to assist with automating the process of generating and compiling JAX-WS bindings for numerous and frequently updated Workday Web Services.

The JAX-WS bindings generated by this plugin have the following features:

* Workday follows the XML Schema best practice of appending the 'Type' suffix to complex type declarations. Through JAXB bindings these suffixes are automatically removed
* The JAXB Fluent API is used so that writing hierarchial XML in Java is more natural
* java.time bindings to XML Schema types are configured to use the modern Java time API for dealing with timezones.
* package-info.java definitions are provided to preserve the Workday namespace prefix. 


This plugin performs the following:

* Based on the configuration retrieves remote WSDL file(s) and caches them locally
* Performs an internal XSLT transformation to generate a JAXB binding file.
* Invokes the JAX-WS Import tool to generate Java binding source code
* Generates a Maven POM file based on the plugin is attached to
* Executes the generated Maven POM with the same goals it was invoked with which does the following:
  * Compiles the generated code
  * JARs the compiled code
  * Attaches the source
  * Installs the artifact in the local repository (if that goal is invoked) 
  * Deploys the artifact to the remote repository (if that goal is invoked)


## Plugin Options

	
* wdTenantServiceURL - required - The tenant web service URL without the version in the form of https://host/ccx/service/<tenant> The tenant service URL can be found by viewing the WSDL obtained from the Public Web Service report and inspecting the <soapbind:address location attribute value at the bottom.

* wdVersion - required - The version of Workday to download the WSDLs for without the v prefix, i.e v33.0 would be set as 33.0. 

* services - A list of specific services to generate bindings for. A list of available services can be found [here](https://community.workday.com/sites/default/files/file-hosting/productionapi/index.html) in the Service column.
	
* wdWebServiceReport - default ${project.basedir}/Public_Web_Services.xml - If the services configuration is empty then this plugin can generate bindings for all Workday web services. In order to accomplish this it needs to have a list of available services. In a Workday tenant run the Public Web Services report, and then at the top select actions -> Web Service -> View URLs. Click on the REST link and download and save the XML as Public_Web_Services.xml in the project's base directory. The plugin will read the manifest file and generate bindings for each web service that is not tagged as DNU.

* aliases - Set service name overrides to abbreviate package names. For example add a mapping for Integrations to intsys, Absence_Management to absence, etc.

* packageName - default com.workday - sets the base package name of the generated bindings. 

* groupId - default ${project.groupId} - Overrided generated POM artifact groupId.

* artifactId - Overrided generated POM artifact artifactId. By default the artifactId is set to the service alias. If this value is set the artifactId is set with the format artifactId + "-" + service alias. 

* version - Overrided generated POM artifact version.

